This recently unearth statue in Egypt, that's allegedly 3000 years old.
And of Ramsey's the second is absolute evidence of a lost ancient high
technology.
And it's also evidence of the BS narrative that the Egyptologists and the
minister of antiquities of Egypt continue to throw to the masses.
Let me start with my first point,
which is that they claim that's 3000 years old.
Okay. So they don't know that you cannot carbonate stone, but they say that, oh,
well, it's very likely to be of Ramsey's the second who lived 3000 years ago,
so, okay. <laugh> well,
really like what makes you think it's Ramsey's the second of Ramsey's whoever I
do you see a face on this stone? I know, I sure don't. I mean,
is there a name tag that I failed to read? Give me a break.
What I see here is a broken statue with an elongated skull,
which is really interesting,
considering that most statues of Ramsey's Ramsey II, whoever do,
do not have elongated skulls.
Now, a couple do that. I found through my search,
but then it raises the question, like,
how do you know this is the same person it's ridiculous.
Like these Egyptologists just throw names onto various statues and claim.
They know who they were and when they lived <affirmative>,
but they completely omit. The key fundamental aspect of this statue was,
which is that it's made out of court site court site is a seven outta 10.
On the most scale of hardness. Diamond is a 10.
Now most statues in Egypt are made of basalt, which is a six outta 10.
And then you have rose granite, which is commonly used,
which is a six and a half outta 10 on the most scale.
But court site exceeds that.
And it must be mentioned that steel is what's used to cut these types of stones.
Yet we know that the dynastic Egyptians did not have steel. They had bronze.
Well, bronze is a combination of copper and tin.
You can make it in your kitchen,
probably any modern day stone Mason utilizes steel with diamond bit drills to
cut quart site rose, granite. So that being said, how do the Egyptians do this?
What's far more likely is that this statue predates the diagnostic Egyptians and
is part of the civilization that was wiped out 12,980 years ago during the
incredible cataly that happened here on earth.
I have a video about this. I mean, honestly, for them to just say that, oh,
it's 3000 years old. And if Ramsey's a second, like, are you joking?
But you can't tell who it is. Now.
I understand that certain aspects of the body are very similar to other statues
in Egypt.
So I'm not gonna sit here and tell you that the Egyptians did not make this,
but if you really think that the scrub down quart site was sand for like a
hundred years or whatever along it would take to do.
So, gimme a break. There's far more to this story.
And when you start connecting the dots and all the evidence for megalithic
structures from around the world, not just Egypt, but from south America,
Turkey all over the place,
you'll see that there is absolute evidence of some sort of lost ancient high
technology that was utilized to carve these stones. There's no other way.
Now look at these photos here. The statue is massive.
Even the piece of torso that they lifted out is three tons of it in itself. Now,
how are they able to move, move something so heavy is one thing,
but how they were able to cut and carve one solid piece of court site with the
materials that we know that the dynastic Egyptians had clearly leaves an
absolute gap in what the current textbooks have been stating for decades.
It's quite literally evidence that the.
Textbooks are inaccurate and that there's far more to the story of ancient human
civilization than we're ever taught in school,
or they're actively teaching today. Anyways, guys, I'll leave it at that.
I can subscribe.
I have many other videos on this topic and a whole other wide variety of topics
as well. I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight. Take care of everybody.